feat: enum parameter for Number Form Widget (#3444)
kyma-project/busola: docs/extensibility/60-form-widgets.md

The `Number` widgets render a field as a number field. They are used by default for all number and integer values.

| Parameter         | Required | Type                | Description                                                                                                                                                             |
| ----------------- | -------- | ------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **description**   | No       | string              | A string displayed in a tooltip when you hover over a question mark icon, next to the input's label. The default value is taken from the CustomResourceDefintion (CRD). |
| **disableOnEdit** | No       | boolean             | Disables a number field in edit mode, defaults to `false`.                                                                                                              |

> | **enum[]**        | No       | an array of options | Generate an input field with a dropdown. Optionally can be a string containing a [JSONata](jsonata.md) expression returning an array of options.                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **enum[]**        | No       | an array of options | Generates an input field with a dropdown. Optionally, it can be a string containing a [JSONata](jsonata.md) expression returning an array of options.                        |
```
